https://www.kaggle.com/ruslankl/early-biomarkers-of-parkinsons-disease

Content
The dataset include 30 patients with early untreated Parkinson's
disease (PD), 50 patients with REM sleep behavior disorder (RBD),
which are at high risk developing Parkinson's disease or other
synucleinopathies; and 50 healthy controls (HC). 
All patients were scored clinically by a well-trained professional
neurologist with experience in movement disorders. All subjects 
were examined during a single session with a speech specialist. 
All subjects performed reading of standardized, phonetically-
balanced text of 80 words and monologue about their interests, 
job, family or current activities for approximately 90 seconds. 
Speech features were automatically analyzed by Jan Hlavnička et al.
(2017). The dataset is provided in .xls and .csv format.

Acknowledgements
Original paper: Automated analysis of connected speech reveals
early biomarkers of Parkinson’s disease in patients with rapid eye
movement sleep behaviour disorder by Jan Hlavnička, Roman Čmejla,
Tereza Tykalová, Karel Šonka, Evžen Růžička & Jan Rusz
@ nature.com

Inspiration
Predict a pattern of neurodegeneration in the dataset of speech
features obtained from patients with early untreated Parkinson's
disease and patients at high risk developing Parkinson's disease.

#Some further explanations:

Participants participated in two different tasks:
1. Reading
2. Monologue  

The state of the Morbus Parkinson disease can be examined with
different clinical assessments:

Hoehn & Yahr Scale:
https://flexikon.doccheck.com/de/Hoehn-und-Yahr-Skala
The Hoehn-and-Yahr scale is used to classify the severity of PD 
based on symptoms. It is an easy-to-perform clinical instrument
to assess the underlying movement disorders.
The Hoehn and Yahr scale was developed in 1967. It divides the
disease into 5 stages. So-called modified stages according to Hoehn
 and Yahr (1987) are also frequently used.
States:
1) Unilateral symptomatology
1.5) Unilateral symptoms and axial involvement
2) Bilateral symptoms; no postural instability
2.5) Mild bilateral symptoms; patient can regain balance on pull
test (compensates on pull test)
3) Mild to moderate bilateral symptomatology; mild postural
instability; independence maintained
4) Severe disability, but patient can still walk and stand without
assistance
5) Patient is wheelchair bound or bedridden without assistance
from others

UPDRS III total
https://www.theracycle.com/resources/links-and-additional-resources/updrs-scale/
The UPDRS scale refers to Unified Parkinson Disease Rating Scale,
and it is a rating tool used to gauge the course of Parkinson’s
disease in patients. The UPDRS scale has been modified over the
years by several medical organizations, and continues to be one of
the bases of treatment and research in PD clinics. The UPDRS scale
includes series of ratings for typical Parkinson’s symptoms that
cover all of the movement hindrances of Parkinson’s disease. The
UPDRS scale consists of the following five segments: 
1) Mentation, Behavior, and Mood, 2) ADL, 3) Motor sections, 
4) Modified Hoehn and Yahr Scale, and 5) Schwab and England ADL
scale. 
Each answer to the scale is evaluated by a medical professional
that specializes in Parkinson’s disease during patient interviews.
Some sections of the UPDRS scale require multiple grades assigned
to each extremity with a possible maximum of 199 points. A score of
199 on the UPDRS scale represents the worst (total disability) with
a score of zero representing (no disability).

